Release notes for Delegate HF releae 82505 (#5926)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

## March 2024

### Version 24.03.82505 <!--  March 18, 2024 -->

#### Hotfix

> - Support for `ap-south-2` AWS region for AWS secret manager. (CDS-92541)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `ap-south-2` region is now supported for use with AWS Secrets Manager. (CDS-92541)
```
